Sprint Number:			2
Meeting Number:			1
Meeting Time:			2:00PM - 3:00PM
Meeting Date:			05/09/2019

General Notes:
- Schedule meetings with at minimum 1 day notice
- Pair programming/meet to work on the code

TODO:
- CA user stories/BL items/DODs
- Sprint 2 Plan
- Calendar back end
- integrate calendar front end and back end
- Continue front end calendar*
- new caledar features
- next API**
- Trello based on Git Flow

What did we do since the last meeting?
Duncan		: Seperate complex trello tasks 
Mohammed	: First proper git flow set up
Saad		: Wrote a version of the backend (Incorrectly) 
Thien		: Continuation of front end code of the calendar
Tharvind	: Wrote a version of the backend (Incorrectly)  	

What will be done by the next meeting?
Duncan		: Finish documentation in relation to the second API
		  Write up the sprint 2 plan
		  Set up trello according to the git flow set up
Mohammed	: Set up gitflow to Homy's expectations
		  Set up redumentary front end for Central Authentication API
Saad		: Work on calendar back end
Thien		: Set up redumentary front end for Central Authentication API
Tharvind	: Work on calendar back end

What roadblocks did we run into since the last meeting?
Duncan		: Trello tasks were not broken down atomically
Mohammed	: Previous API (Events) front end was more difficult than expected
Saad		: Didn't know how to properly do the back end
Thien		: Trello didn't meet the requirements of the API. Approaching the back end in the wrong manner
Tharvind	: Didn't know how to properly do the back end

Action items for the time until the next scrum meeting?
Duncan		: Central Authentication documents
		  Sprint 2 Panning Notes
		  Trello board
Mohammed	: Gitflow
		  Central Authentication Front End
Saad		: Calendar Backend
Thien		: Central Authentication Front End
Tharvind	: Calendar Backend

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sprint Number:			2
Meeting Number:			2
Meeting Time:			1:30PM - 2:30PM
Meeting Date:			09/09/2019

General Notes:
- 
-
- 
TODO:
-
-
-

What did we do since the last meeting?
Duncan		: Rewrote the backlog and user stories for Central Authentication API instead of Events API
		  Started to re organise trello board for sprint 2
		  Sprint 2 plan
Mohammed	: Continued with Central Authentication API front end and general features
Saad		: 
Thien		: 
Tharvind	:   	

What will be done by the next meeting?
Duncan		: Finish trello set up
		  Begin test cases for Central Authentication API
Mohammed	: Further implimentation of the Central Authentication API
Saad		: 
Thien		: 
Tharvind	: 

What roadblocks did we run into since the last meeting?
Duncan		: Time constraints
Mohammed	: N/A
Saad		: 
Thien		: 
Tharvind	: 

Action items for the time until the next scrum meeting?
Duncan		: Research on backend/front end integration
Mohammed	: Central Authentication API
Saad		: 
Thien		: 
Tharvind	: 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sprint Number:			2
Meeting Number:			3
Meeting Time:			11:30AM - 1:30PM
Meeting Date:			11/09/2019

General Notes:
- Every 3 days, push what you have to github, otherwise Homy will take off marks
-
- 
TODO:
-
-
-

What did we do since the last meeting?
Duncan		:  
Mohammed	: 
Saad		:  
Thien		: 
Tharvind	:   	

What will be done by the next meeting?
Duncan		: 
Mohammed	: 
Saad		: 
Thien		: 
Tharvind	: 

What roadblocks did we run into since the last meeting?
Duncan		: 
Mohammed	: 
Saad		: 
Thien		: 
Tharvind	: 

Action items for the time until the next scrum meeting?
Duncan		: 
Mohammed	: 
Saad		: 
Thien		: 
Tharvind	: 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sprint Number:			2
Meeting Number:			4
Meeting Time:			1:30PM - 2:30PM
Meeting Date:			16/09/2019

General Notes:
- 
-
- 
TODO:
-
-
-

What did we do since the last meeting?
Duncan		:  
Mohammed	: 
Saad		:  
Thien		: 
Tharvind	:   	

What will be done by the next meeting?
Duncan		: 
Mohammed	: 
Saad		: 
Thien		: 
Tharvind	: 

What roadblocks did we run into since the last meeting?
Duncan		: 
Mohammed	: 
Saad		: 
Thien		: 
Tharvind	: 

Action items for the time until the next scrum meeting?
Duncan		: 
Mohammed	: 
Saad		: 
Thien		: 
Tharvind	: 


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sprint Number:			2
Meeting Number:			6
Meeting Time:			11:30AM - 1:30PM
Meeting Date:			18/09/2019

General Notes:
- 
-
- 
TODO:
-
-
-

What did we do since the last meeting?
Duncan		:  
Mohammed	: 
Saad		:  
Thien		: 
Tharvind	:   	

What will be done by the next meeting?
Duncan		: 
Mohammed	: 
Saad		: 
Thien		: 
Tharvind	: 

What roadblocks did we run into since the last meeting?
Duncan		: 
Mohammed	: Undetermined type of security question answer field. can result in typing issues
Saad		: 
Thien		: Date selection for events becomes troublesome unless sperated into fields based on day/month/year
Tharvind	: Where does the encryption and decryption go

Action items for the time until the next scrum meeting?
Duncan		: 
Mohammed	: 
Saad		: 
Thien		: 
Tharvind	: 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------